TODO.md, before:

# TODO List

## High Priority

- [ ] Add content to the monitor screen
  - [ ] Figure out and add initial content
  - [ ] Add images for the projects and make them switch per project
  - [ ] Maybe add videos or iframes for the projects so they're interactive
  - [x] Add custom shader effects to the monitor screen
  - ~~[ ] Add bloom effect to screen~~
- [ ] Fix layout and model for tablet screens
- [ ] Replace document.getElementById call in Camera with useRef

## New features


## Low Priority

- [ ] Add loading animation when the 3d model is loading
- [ ] Add project contents
- [-] Add option for manual rotation mode, that resets when the user exits it
- [ ] Fix animations for the project accordion menu
- [ ] Use GSAP for scroll snapping ??

## Dismissed features

- [ ] ~~Change model rotation on scroll to GSAP~~
- [ ] ~~Finish skills page~~
  - [ ] ~~Add skills to the page~~
  - [ ] ~~Create the accordion for the skills~~
  - [ ] ~~Add skills programmatically with templating (store skills in a json file)~~

## DONE

- [x] Add video textures to the monitor screen
- [x] Fix layout and model for large screens
- [x] Make page responsive
- [x] Fix resize screen for the model
- [x] Section reveal animations
- [x] Typing animation for the main title
- [x] Add smooth scrolling when clicking on anchor links
- [x] Figure out model behaviour when user scrolls to footer
- [x] Change the model
- [x] Add GSAP to the project
  - [x] Add special animation for the projects section (Zoom in on the screen and change position)
- [x] Finish projects page
  - [x] Add projects to the page
  - [x] Create the accordion for the projects
  - [x] Add projects programmatically with templating (store projects in a json file)
- [x] Add a new page for the projects
  - [ ] ~~Come up with a design for the page (figma)~~
  - [x] Add a description for each project
  - [x] Add a link to the project repository

Commit message:

Show project related content on screen

TODO.md, after:

# TODO List

## High Priority

- [ ] Add content to the monitor screen
  - [-] Figure out and add initial content
  - [ ] Add ~~images~~ GIFs for the projects and make them switch per project
  - [ ] Load screen content from the same json file that's used for the project menu
  - [x] Add custom shader effects to the monitor screen
  - ~~[ ] Add bloom effect to screen~~
- [ ] Fix layout and model for tablet screens
- [ ] Replace document.getElementById call in Camera with useRef

## New features

## Low Priority

- [ ] Add loading animation when the 3d model is loading
- [ ] Add project contents
- [-] Add option for manual rotation mode, that resets when the user exits it
- [ ] Fix animations for the project accordion menu

## Dismissed features

- [ ] ~~Change model rotation on scroll to GSAP~~
- [ ] ~~Finish skills page~~
  - [ ] ~~Add skills to the page~~
  - [ ] ~~Create the accordion for the skills~~
  - [ ] ~~Add skills programmatically with templating (store skills in a json file)~~

## DONE

- [x] Add video textures to the monitor screen
- [x] Fix layout and model for large screens
- [x] Make page responsive
- [x] Fix resize screen for the model
- [x] Section reveal animations
- [x] Typing animation for the main title
- [x] Add smooth scrolling when clicking on anchor links
- [x] Figure out model behaviour when user scrolls to footer
- [x] Change the model
- [x] Add GSAP to the project
  - [x] Add special animation for the projects section (Zoom in on the screen and change position)
- [x] Finish projects page
  - [x] Add projects to the page
  - [x] Create the accordion for the projects
  - [x] Add projects programmatically with templating (store projects in a json file)
- [x] Add a new page for the projects
  - [ ] ~~Come up with a design for the page (figma)~~
  - [x] Add a description for each project
  - [x] Add a link to the project repository
